{"version":1,"ops":[{"type":6,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571856919,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDE1OlVzZXJDb250ZW50RWRpdDI5NzYzMDQ2Nw=="},"target":"f8a3fd93e0b6dbe8331593aefb9a708119fca17f744c343186882de7c3ed8298","message":"E.g., when to create a new Eclipse plugin (more general software engineering, SOC, etc.), when to create a new Eclipse feature, e.g., every editor/view gets its own feature (apart from the one in #40).\n\n- [ ] Include a discussion of terminology, e.g., bundles vs plugins vs modules, etc.\n- [ ] Include description of the relevant Eclipse concepts, e.g., products, etc.","files":null},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1570034543,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOkxhYmVsZWRFdmVudDI2ODEyODYwNjU="},"added":["documentation"],"removed":[]},{"type":3,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571855266,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDU0NTU3NjA0OQ==","github-url":"https://github.com/hexatomic/hexatomic/issues/41#issuecomment-545576049"},"message":"This should include a discussion of terminology, e.g., bundles vs plugins vs modules, etc.","files":null},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"725ac77188b9c2093ea4100ba878cd5190f5dc34"},"timestamp":1571906012,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDE0OlVubGFiZWxlZEV2ZW50MjczOTg0MjkyMw=="},"added":[],"removed":["documentation"]},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"725ac77188b9c2093ea4100ba878cd5190f5dc34"},"timestamp":1571906012,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOkxhYmVsZWRFdmVudDI3Mzk4NDI5Mjc="},"added":["docs-dev-maint"],"removed":[]},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"725ac77188b9c2093ea4100ba878cd5190f5dc34"},"timestamp":1571906053,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDE0OlVubGFiZWxlZEV2ZW50MjczOTg0NDkxNA=="},"added":[],"removed":["docs-dev-maint"]},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"725ac77188b9c2093ea4100ba878cd5190f5dc34"},"timestamp":1571906053,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOkxhYmVsZWRFdmVudDI3Mzk4NDQ5MTY="},"added":["discussion"],"removed":[]},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571919167,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOkxhYmVsZWRFdmVudDI3NDA1MTQ5MjA="},"added":["discussion"],"removed":[]},{"type":5,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571919173,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDE0OlVubGFiZWxlZEV2ZW50Mjc0MDUxNTIwNQ=="},"added":[],"removed":["discussion"]},{"type":3,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571919807,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDU0NTg5MTAyNw==","github-url":"https://github.com/hexatomic/hexatomic/issues/42#issuecomment-545891027"},"message":"I think we should discuss the actual header contents during the project meeting. This is tracked in # \n\nFor now, I'll set this up to use both of our names for the copyright line, and leave out the exploitation rights mention. For reasons, cf. #\n\nOnce we have decided on the way we want to do this as a project, we can change the header template.","files":null},{"type":6,"author":{"id":"7fc094c5f01526c965e541ec82007c487f6fa288"},"timestamp":1571919807,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDE1OlVzZXJDb250ZW50RWRpdDI5ODA4NDYzMA=="},"target":"2bc65fa0beedece26e3f68dbbf79d1b0459719c5dfd9d90c6a6b8b04dfbe1f09","message":"I think we should discuss the actual header contents during the project meeting. This is tracked in #64. \n\nFor now, I'll set this up to use both of our names for the copyright line, and leave out the exploitation rights mention. For reasons, cf. #64.\n\nOnce we have decided on the way we want to do this as a project, we can change the header template.","files":null},{"type":4,"author":{"id":"725ac77188b9c2093ea4100ba878cd5190f5dc34"},"timestamp":1572523837,"metadata":{"github-id":"MDExOkNsb3NlZEV2ZW50Mjc1OTUzMDc2Mg=="},"status":2}]}